What's your favorite animal?
My favorite animal is the dolphin.
One time I was snorkeling in the ocean, and a pot of dolphins came by, and of course with
the mask on I could see underwater, and it was beautiful to watch how they could swim,
how sleek they were in the water.
Then I watched as one of them used his powerful tail to shoot up to the surface of the water,
I lifted my head up and watched him jump out of the water and gracefully go right back
in.
That was a sight I won't forget.
I'm sure that if we talk to each of you watching this, you could tell some really good story
about your favorite animal.
Our beautiful planet Earth is full of animals.
Of course though, for many of us in modern day life, we don't get a chance to interact
with animals that much.
Most of our interaction with animals is second hand through books or videos.
In fact, the internet is full of videos, especially of cats.
People share these videos why, because it makes them smile.
They enjoy watching them.
In fact, many of you are probably thinking of some video you just watched about animals.
Clearly Jehovah created animals with qualities to bring us joy, to make us happy.
Seeing them in person or in videos can cultivate our interest.
They can entertain us and make us feel good.
We see Jehovah's sense of humor and how the animals interact and play with one another.
And we can also learn lessons from the animals.
Proverbs 6 and 6 is an example of that.
Proverbs 6 and 6.
Go to the ant, you lazy one, observe its ways and become wise.
Now I can remember as a young boy, I was fascinated with ants.
So many of them, and yet they all knew what to do.
And they could carry these really big leaves and other things for their size.
It was amazing to see what they could do, even the building of their tunnels.
As children, many of us were interested in animals, fascinated with them.
However, as we got older, we became more fascinated with technology, or things that man has made.
But really, the things that man has made cannot compare to the things Jehovah has made, especially the animals.
The design and wonder, you feel when you watch your favorite animal, is it in a category all by itself.
Now in the following video, we're going to see some really beautiful animals.
Maybe you will see your favorite animal.
Animals fascinate us.
We marvel at their speed, their agility, and their strength.
Their beauty and behavior are a pleasure to watch.
Like us, they play.
Some even dance.
They are industrious.
A beaver, then, can extend hundreds of meters.
Some can even be seen from space.
When we observe animals, we learn more about the creator.
Their instinctive wisdom reveals his wisdom.
He is caring and generous.
And he is a happy God.
Animals fascinate us because we are made in God's image.
We enjoy what he enjoys, especially our earth and its amazing animals.
They are his gift to us.
Let us make man in our image, according to our likeness,
and let them have in subjection the fish of the sea,
and the flying creatures of the heavens,
and the domestic animals, and all the earth.
Were you and the others with you watching that video smiling,
or maybe even laughing a little bit when you saw the little dog jumping back and forth?
You see the design of animals to bring us joy is not an evolutionary accident.
Jehovah and Jesus, his master worker,
found joy in creating and designing animal life to delight us.
Now, can you imagine Jehovah and Jesus discussing designing an elephant?
The elephant trunk is a nose.
It's an arm.
It's a shower head.
It's a straw, and can even be a snorkel.
Did you know that their feet are so well padded that you can hardly hear them coming?
Imagine, Jehovah and Jesus making this huge elephant and saying,
we're going to make it really quiet.
Or can you imagine what the angels thought when they first saw a lemur dancing?
Or a hummingbird hovering in the air?
Or a little puppy chasing its tail?
Or can you imagine being Adam?
The first human being amongst all of these animals.
How Adam must have thrilled to watch the animals and name them?
What would you have called an animal with a funny hump on its back?
Or a bird that could mimic the sounds you made?
Or a lizard that could change colors?
Maybe even looking at it as it moved, changing colors, wondering,
how did it do that?
Jehovah assigned Adam to not only name the animals, but to care for them.
Let's read the scripture that was highlighted in our video
in Genesis 1 and verse 26.
Genesis 1 and verse 26.
Since then God said, let us make man in our image according to our likeness
and let them have in subjection the fish of the sea
and the flying creatures of the heavens and the domestic animals
and all the earth and every creeping animal that is moving on the earth.
Yes, Jehovah God wanted Adam and his descendants, that's us,
to take care of the animals and to take delight in them.
If we take time to enjoy animal life, we can make some very fascinating discoveries.
Did you see in the video the lemurs of Madagascar?
Do you know how many varieties of lemurs there are?
Do you know what lemurs eat?
Have you ever seen lemurs play?
I have and I guarantee you you will enjoy it and smile when you do.
I made one discovery about dolphins.
Dolphins can blow underwater a perfect circle of air
and then they like to play with it afterwards.
First time I saw that video, I couldn't hardly believe my eyes.
Friends, today we can only imagine what it will be like in the future paradise
when we can really enjoy animal life the way Jehovah truly intended.
In review, this symposium has been about Jehovah's creative works,
exquisite flowers, delicious food, beautiful colors,
our well-designed bodies, delightful sounds and fascinating animals,
all of which convinces us that Jehovah wants us to enjoy life.
At a time when many people are not finding meaning or joy in the things that man has made,
observe and rejoice in the gift of the things that Jehovah has made and given to us.
Make them a source of true joy in your life.